I'm Irish and my wife is Thai so that
means their kids will be able to
Riverdance and kick box at the same way
they kick Michael Flatley zas that's my
wife I know you guys like Thai food it's
great spicy food really so I mean this
simulating I was spicy the food my wife
makes you'd have to suck in a propane
taking up somebody like to mashed your
ass and that's I'm pooping lava that's
spicy and my wife thought she's putting
food in front of me you know she's great
cook I'm very lucky but once all she'll
put some stuff that's traditional Thai I
don't know what it is I'm like what's
this sweetie she's like oh fish head
eyeball and intestine like sweetie this
isn't dinner this is this is fear factor
only I don't get 50 grand I gotta eat it
she's right there watching my wife turns
into Joe Rogan or something she's like
you've 60 seconds trying go if you do a
rapid eyeball don't let it get cold
trust me on that one you know warm with
a little shot of Visine on there that's
it gets the red out there's weird food
so we shot with a Bangkok market and I'm
not swearing here this is a real there's
a vegetable looks like a little green
tomato but in Thailand it's not called
little green tomato and Thailand it's
called
Phu ck5 yeah yeah that's it yeah the
other morning my wife wakes me up she's
like Billy you on fuck
let's sure
he's like no no you weren't fucks to
like no that's hot that would burn oh
but I tried it and I really like fun
she made a lot to it to call my body in
like hey my wife made me fuck this
morning but I could handle it all do you
want to come over maybe she'll make you
happy okay moving right over it